Hi! I"m Karen for Expert Village. For wood
products, covering wood boxes and other wood
things, you can use regular white glue to
do this. You don't have to use the special
decoupage glue. The white glue will work just
as well. You might want to water it down.
You have to play with the texture a little
bit. You could add a little bit of water to
bring it down to a nice workable thing. Just
try it out first and see how it goes. The
decoupage glue gives a little bit of a harder
finish and it will resist water so that when
you do the dishes, you can rinse it off. It
can get it wet, but you can't soak anything.
For something that's never going to get washed
or wet, using a regular white glue or craft
glue will work just fine for wooden products.
You just work your way around into the corners.
Look for air bubbles. The wrinkles are part
of the character or the decoupage. A little
bit of a wrinkle texture.
Now, if you have trouble getting down in the
corner, you can use a tool or anything. Very
gently just to tap it into place. Okay, just
check it. When you're going over it again,
if you see a lump or a bump, you don't push
down hard. You go very, very gently, very
lightly, because any of the napkin that has
been soaking in the glue any time becomes
just too delicate to play with so you want
to be very, very gentle with it. Okay, that
looks nice.